# UmojaStudio
The project is based on the area of music production industry. A studio is a place where any artist, band, or choir come to record audio song or shoot video. Conversely, music industry is an area that has shown its important growth in Kenya as well as its contribution to the country’s economic growth. It can also be an industry that the country has embraced since late 1920s. Moreover, a number of investors have ventured in music industry as it is one of the key factors that have reduced the high levels of unemployment in the country for it creates potential entrepreneurs in the economy.
  However, music is growing rapidly such that everybody is getting inspired by music and the majority is aspiring to be future artists and musicians. Music production department is the core tool that has facilitated the realization of aspirations of all musicians. The emerging music production studios have made it easy for this sector, and in fact, the studios nowadays providing for mobile studio facilities that enable an artist, band or any singing group to produce their songs/tracks at their place of residence without necessarily visiting the studio.
	Currently, the clients who are the artists, singing groups or bands must make prior appointments with the producer with their songs readily written/composed which is done manually in most studios, a date is then fixed for this exercise, a deposit is made in terms of cash if need be and then the clients must wait until the agreed date. The rest of the amount is paid on production date and the producer is left to do the editing after which the product is released.
  Umoja studio is less effective since clients cannot be sure that they will find the producer in the office once they visit for booking. This is the case since the studio is sometimes mobile.
	At Umoja studio, the clients must contact the studio directly by either travelling to the office or making telephone calls in order to book for studio and also negotiate for the prices to be charged for the production. Most of the time, the producers are producing elsewhere since the studio is also mobile. This is time consuming.
	The cost incurred while travelling to Umoja studio to book studio manually increases the expenses to be incurred in the whole process.
The clients at Umoja studio are forced to follow the manual way of booking dates since the system at Umoja is not automated. This sometimes frustrates them since it is less efficient method of booking.
